Adapt HPA values and scaling base (#819)
kyma-project/istio: docs/release-notes/1.7.0.md

- Allow for opting out of the **ENABLE_EXTERNAL_NAME_ALIAS** Istio pilot environment variable in the Istio custom resource. This allows for retaining behavior that was present in Istio prior to version 1.21. See issue [#787](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/issues/787 ).
- Update the Istio version to 1.21.2 [#802](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/pull/802). Read [Istio 1.21.2 Release Announcement](https://istio.io/latest/news/releases/1.21.x/announcing-1.21.2/) and [Change Notes](https://istio.io/latest/news/releases/1.21.x/announcing-1.21/change-notes/) for more details.

> - Change Istio ingress-gateway's scaling to be based on CPU utilization only. This ensures that the scaling is more responsive to traffic changes, as ingress-gateway memory utilization is not a good indicator of the traffic load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change Istio Ingress Gateway's scaling to be based only on CPU utilization. This adjustment ensures that the scaling is more responsive to traffic changes, as the Istio Ingress Gateway memory utilization is not a good indicator of the traffic load.
```

> - Adjust the default number of ingress-gateway replicas on smaller clusters to 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the default number of Istio Ingress Gateway replicas in smaller clusters to `1`.
```
